listen so Netflix made a sequel to all
the boys I loved before by adding the
words PS I love you but I love it in the
world of SEO in order to not confuse
people they just superimposed sequel in
the pollster we had covered the first
one which I thought was kind of cute but
then our video got blocked in some
places the same day Netflix came out
with their recaps so maybe you can't see
it
sadly the director also from the first
didn't come back but luckily she stayed
on as producer after all of the
obstacles they went through for the
first and this time around they got the
cinematographer of dr. sleep Hillhouse
ouija to direct this movie like I know
relationships are scary but y'all think
it's a horror movie
the dude did shoot the first to all the
boys movies so he is familiar with the
production but it is interesting to see
him direct and still be the
cinematographer for the movie and he's
pulling the same double duties for the
third movie as well so I don't know if
this man got inspired by Roma with Korn
also shooting and directing or if
Netflix is out here buying bundle packs
with their crew by the way the sequel
doesn't add the level of charm that the
first one did and I can't say that it's
better but it at least tries to tackle
what happens after the cliche happily
ever after
but for every first I was having with
him he'd already had his with her let me
explain so in the first day of
pretending to be a couple after all
those letters were sent out to all the
boy she loved before but not least to
her official going on their first date
for the second time it's actually a to
fork restaurant they give you the second
one just in case and Peter still an
idiot
look I'ma be honest ah I personally
don't care for these two but my boy John
you know who I am
someone I sent a love letter to yeah so
on Netflix is clearly trying to pull the
old verses like they did with Twilight
back in the day their promo even went
full epic Rap Battles for some reason
they've got therapists involved now
discussing this teen romance and I'm
completely John Ambrose there is a
breakup very well I mean like read the
book we know you know listen John is out
of you're volunteering on his free time
right he also has that cute Halloween
french toast flashback that he shares
with her he's got the double name that
he got from Laura Jean because she was
the only one who was calling him that
back in the day
hell if you go to the source in tat bill
with chapter 11 verse 32 she even admits
that John Ambrose was perfect but Peter
got there first I've never been a
girlfriend before I hope I'm good at it
Wow y'all really need a y'all really
need to stop watching those damn 80s
movies this girl always finds herself
under contract with another dude like
she's worse than tick tock when it comes
to permissions every interview you bring
it back to me those are my terms
don't you know like the concept of deep
throning the previous girl just so you
can be the the sophomore girlfriend who
may not even make it to junior year I
think is the goofiest thing and to think
it was your friend that you betrayed as
well Brad she is allowed to be mad at
you
maybe you know maybe you and Peter do
deserve each other McClaren dear
everyone you add that stutter listen
okay look I need it let me explain
something there are three ways to factor
in when it comes to the pizza test you
can either take it leave it or split it
right now if you're a parent that means
you're a giver that means that you allow
somebody else to get it if you're in a
caring relationship then this is where
that 50/50 thing comes in well they're
supposed to be your better half and
y'all should always go splitsies
if not then you got the third one which
is you being a piece of and you do
whatever Peter Kavinsky does to slow
that said Laura Jean ain't too far
behind
why didn't you tell McLaren that you and
I are together well I wanted to I tried
to there just never was a good time yeah
there's usually not when you're flirting
I'm telling you look Laura Jean switches
up on you quicker than John Ambrose
skintone but if you ask me is love blind
the answer is simple obviously if you
read the books you know that she's going
to end up choosing herself and that's
been hinted at since Margo told her
little sisters and never go to college
with a boyfriend but Laura was too busy
I and her boyfriend before mom died she
said I should never go to college with a
boyfriend all in love with herself
support relationship that you have is
the one you have with yourself that side
I thought the sister was still funny in
this movie the friend was great in color
out of spades but if there's one
character who needs to come back to the
third it's clearly storm no woman should
be out in public with that look on her
face I go to its for its the demo that
reads Cosmo and I guess he'd subway
Netflix not BuzzFeed but Netflix even
add the cast reviewing tik toks for
promo but in the end it's really just a
love story that's going to have Laura
breaking more hearts than the love she
thought she was giving before I actually
shipped launching the Peter and I should
largely with John I pick Peter but also
this question keeps me coming soon thank
you guys checking out this video I'm
cares know your thoughts down below in
the comment section I don't know how the
dad got more than Laura would that
happen in the sequel again I don't think
it's better than the first but if it was
repeating the same things then that
would also suck it's kind of got to be
like that that middle rocky chapter
where you know all the movies as we know
they always end with the happily ever
after and a lot of movies have covered
what happens after the happily ever
after so it's not like this one's too
original I would say the best one is
Shrek 2 you know maybe another better
happily ever after after movie than that
one let me know your thoughts on below
though when it comes to this one what
you're hoping to see in the third if you
like this one more than the first one or
vice versa or anything else that you
want me to cover don't forget to comment
like and subscribe